I want you to give me a child.
I want to have your baby no one.
No, no.
Contract life is bad enough, huh?
Now you want to strip me even more with a child?
We've been married for three years.
Can't you spare me a little love?
No love, no sex, remember?
Contract marriage is still a marriage.
I'm your wife no one.
My gosh, you need us enough.
Something happened today.
I was at a cafe.
Edith, I've spent a whole day driving people out of a collapsed building.
I know. Nancy was one of them.
You and Nancy.
Mike, I gave a shit.
You had the lunch.
Of course you don't care about me or I are counter-married.
Hey Nolan, I didn't realize your wife was injured in the cafe explosion yesterday.
What?
Yeah, she's listed as one of the casualties.
Is she okay?
Something happened today.
I was at a cafe.